iteration-composition.xml	Iteration, composition	Traditional loop constructs (while, until, etc.) plus the Lisp "named let" (a generalization of FOR) plus functional iteration (repeated invocation of a function) and function composition.
list-utilities.xml	List utilities	Some standard functions on lists (append, reverse, etc.)
stream-tools.xml	Streams (lazy lists)	A variation on the list data type in which each list item aren't computed until it's needed, so you can construct million-item lists without really taking up all that time or memory, or even infinite-sized lists.  (A block that reports all the prime numbers is included as an example.)
variadic-reporters.xml	Variadic reporters	Versions of +, x, AND, and OR that take more than two inputs.
httpBlocks.xml	Web services access (https)	An extended version of the HTTP:// block that allows POST, PUT, and DELETE as well as GET requests, allows using the secure HTTPS protocol, and gives control over headers, etc.
word-sentence.xml	Words, sentences	One of the big ideas in Logo that they left out of Scratch is thinking of text as structured into words and sentences, rather than just a string of characters.  This library brings back that idea.
cases.xml	Multi-branched conditional (switch)	Like "switch" in C-like languages or "cond" in Lisp.  Thanks to Nathan Dinsmore for inventing the idea of a separate block for each branch!
leap-library.xml	LEAP Motion controller	Report hand positions from LEAP Motion controller (leapmotion.com).
textCostumes_module.xml	Text Costumes	Generate costumes from letters or words of text.
setrgb.xml	Set RGB or HSV pen color	Set or report pen color as RGB (red, green, blue) or HSV (hue, saturation, value).
try-catch.xml	Catch errors in a script	Run a script; if an error happens, instead of stopping the script with a red halo, run another script to handle the error. Also includes a block to cause an error with a message given as input. Also includes a block to create a script variable and give it a value.
multiline.xml	Allow multi-line text input to a block	In general, text inputs allow only a single line.  The MULTILINE block accepts multi-line text input and can be used in text input slots of other blocks.
Eisenbergification.xml	Provide getters and setters for all GUI-controlled global settings	Eisenberg's Law: Anything that can be done from the GUI should be doable from the programming language, and vice versa.
bignumbers.xml	Infinite precision integers, exact rationals, complex	The full Scheme numeric tower.  "USE BIGNUMS <True>" to enable.
crayons.xml	Provide 100 selected colors	to use instead of hue for better selection
speech_module.xml	Text to speech	output text using speech synthesis.
animation_module.xml	Animation	glide, grow and rotate using easing functions.
pixel_module.xml	Pixels	manipulate costumes pixel-wise.
audioComp_module.xml	Audio Comp	analyze, manipulate and generate sound samples.
atomic_HOFs_module.xml	"Bigger" Data	[EXPERIMENTAL] crunch large lists very fast
frequency_distribution_module.xml	Frequency Distribution Analysis	[EXPERIMENTAL] analyze data for frequency distribution
maps_module.xml	World Map	[EXPERIMENTAL] add interactive maps to projects
make-variables.xml	create variables in program	declare global or sprite-local variables in a script
json.xml	Deal with JSON data	Turn JSON strings into lists with the listify block, then retrieve data out of them by using the value at key block.
parallel_module.xml	Parallelization	Run several scripts in parallel and wait until all are done.
strings.xml	String processing	Extract substrings of a string in various ways
blankLib.xml	--- Snap4Arduino ---	Libraries below this point are specific to Snap4Arduino.
scale.xml	Scale between ranges	Scale a value from a range to another. Useful to map sensor values into stage coordinates, or to map sensors into actuators.
phiro.xml	Phiro robot	Control the Phiro robotic car.
i2c.xml	I2C	Send and receive data from I2C-enabled sensors and actuators.
NeoPixel.xml	NeoPixel	NeoPixel LED strips let you address RGB LEDs in large strips or grids, and change their color individually. You need to install Jay Hayes' NeoPixelFirmata into the board before being able to use this library.
braccio.xml	Braccio arm	The Braccio robotic arm is an educational simple arm with a grip on its end. You need to install BraccioFirmata into the board before being able to use this library.
snapJrLib.xml	SnapJunior Blocks	Icon-based blocks for the youngest programmers.
snapJrPlusLib.xml	SnapJuniorPlus Blocks	Extra blocks for SnapJunior.
SA5Firmata_tone.xml	SA5Firmata	Adding extra features to StandardFirmata: tone, pulseIn, pulseOut, ping, nunchuck and dht11 blocks. It requires SA5Firmata_tone firmware.
SA5Firmata_ir.xml	SA5FirmataIR	SA5Firmata with IR features at the expense of simplifying the tone function. It requires SA5Firmata_ir firmware.
TdRSTEAMv1.xml	TdR STEAM v1	Blocks for TdRSTEAM shield v1, using SA5Firmata firmware.
TdRSTEAMv2.xml	TdR STEAM v2	Blocks for TdRSTEAM shield v2, using SA5Firmata firmware.
Creative_Robotix.xml	Creative Robotix Platform	Creative Robotix is a project by the Creative Science Foundation. It is a fully customizable robotics platform, with body parts that can be 3D printed and constructed with low cost open hardware.
blankLib.xml	--- ---	End of Snap4Arduino libraries.
